README.md, before:

# Gonzalo Alvarez - Website

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/GonzaloAlvarez/gonal.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/GonzaloAlvarez/gonal)
[![Built with Grunt](https://cdn.gruntjs.com/builtwith.png)](http://gruntjs.com/)
[![Built with Handlebars](http://pixel-cookers.github.io/built-with-badges/handlebars/handlebars-short.png)](http://handlebarsjs.com/)

## Scope
Homepage for Gonzalo Alvarez - [gon.al](https://gon.al) and its blog [gon.al/b](https://gon.al/b/)

## History
For a long time I've been looking into tools to create a nice blog. Static seems like the way to go. Also, the home page and portfolio should be static. Jekyll/Pelican/Octopress all look like pretty good alternatives, but a bit too cluttered and a bit too constrained.

I decided to build a universe from scratch.

## License
The content of this project itself is licensed under the
[Creative Commons Attributions-NonCommercial-NoDerivaties 4.0 International License](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/)
and the underlying source code used to format and display that content
is licensed under the [MIT license](http://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php)

Commit message:

Added hexo as blog engine. It is alive. Yay

README.md, after:

# Gonzalo Alvarez - Website

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/GonzaloAlvarez/gonal.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/GonzaloAlvarez/gonal)
[![Built with Grunt](https://cdn.gruntjs.com/builtwith.png)](http://gruntjs.com/)
[![Built with Handlebars](http://pixel-cookers.github.io/built-with-badges/handlebars/handlebars-short.png)](http://handlebarsjs.com/)

## Scope
Homepage for Gonzalo Alvarez - [gon.al](https://gon.al) and its blog [gon.al/b](https://gon.al/b/)

## History
For a long time I've been looking into tools to create a nice blog. Static seems like the way to go. Also, the home page and portfolio should be static. Jekyll/Pelican/Octopress all look like pretty good alternatives, but a bit too cluttered and a bit too constrained.

[Hexo](https://hexo.io/) came to the rescue. I've built a universe from scratch based on [Compass](http://compass-style.org/) and [Handlebars](http://handlebarsjs.com/)
for the [front page](https://gon.al/) and use the wonderful Hexo for the [Blog](https://gon.al/b/).

For the blog theme, I've based my work on the [Tranquilpeak](https://github.com/LouisBarranqueiro/tranquilpeak-hexo-theme) theme, although I've made several modifications on my own.

## License
The content of this project itself is licensed under the
[Creative Commons Attributions-NonCommercial-NoDerivaties 4.0 International License](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/)
and the underlying source code used to format and display that content
is licensed under the [MIT license](http://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php). 

Any original content from third parties retain their original licenses as required by law.
